In this lecture, I have an exercise for you.
Open graph images have a recommended size of 1200 by 630.
If the user selects an image, the size should match these dimensions as an exercise.
Try creating a new custom image size.
With these dimensions, we've registered a new image size before.
The steps will be exactly the same.
Pause the video and give it a try.
Good luck.
Welcome back.
Hopefully you are able to add a new custom image size.
If not, let's go through the solution together first.
Open the setup php file.
A new image size can be registered by calling the add image size function.
Let's call this function with the following arguments.
Open graph 1200 630.
True.
The name of our custom image is called Open Graph.
Keep that in mind for the next step.
The image may not be exposed via the rest API.
As we learned, WordPress requires explicit permission before exposing this information to the user.
Open the image sizes php file.
In this file, we modified the filter to add our image size to the response in the array.
Add the open graph size.
The value of this option will be the following translatable text open graph.
There's one more step before moving on.
The new image size will only apply to new images.
We should regenerate our images in the browser.
Navigate to the Regenerate Thumbnails page from the admin dashboard.
Start regenerating the images.
After the images are finished regenerating, you can move on to the next lecture.
We're going to begin selecting the image from the media library.
I'll see you there.